**id**

The Wicket component markup ID

**fieldLabel**

The label for the field, can be empty.  Can be changed via ajax.

**propertiesId**

A unique string used to lookup various field characteristics from a properties file.  Currently the field label, whether the field is hidden, and the null choice text for dropdowns.
Can be extended to configure other properties in the future. 
 
**l**

Sets how wide the left side(label) is in bootstrap terms, col-sm-{l}. Defaults to 4
 
**r**

Sets how wide the right side(field) is in bootstrap terms, col-sm-{r}. Defaults to 8
 
**model**

The model for the field's FormComponent.  Can be any model such as PropertyModel or LambdaModel.
 
**choiceList**

The choice list model used for dropdown fields.  Can be any model such as ListModel or LoadableDetachableModel
 
**isEnabledModel**

The model to determine if the field should be disabled(read-only) or editable.  Return TRUE if editable.
 
**txtModel**

Currently only used for LinkField to set the model for the BookmarkablePageLink's body.

**cr**

A IChoiceRenderer implementation to use for dropdown fields.

**inputType**

Used to set the type of the input to the field.  For example, if you have a dropdown field for selecting a UserType, you would set inputType(UserType.class)

**pageClass**

Currently only used for LinkField to construct the BookmarkablePageLink

**min**

Used by numeric fields to specify the min value.

**max**

Used by numeric fields to specify the max value. 

**step**

Used by numeric spinner fields to specify the step 

**yesText**

Used by radio fields to set the text for the Boolean.TRUE choice.  Defaults to "Yes"

**noText**

Used by radio fields to set the text for the Boolean.FALSE choice.  Defaults to "No" 

**rows**

Used by text area fields to determine the number of rows to display.  Defaults to 3

**maxLength**

Used by text area fields to determine max allowed length.

**markupId**

Used to set a custom constant markupId for a fields FormComponent, otherwise the ID is dynamically generated by Wicket and will be different for each request.  Defaults to null

**forceDisable**

Pass true to force the field to be disabled(read-only).  Defaults to false.

**dontDisplayClearOpt**

For dropdown fields, if TRUE, won't allow user to clear their selection. 
